Like we learned in the last video that linkable ring signatures are
cryptographic functions that allow someone to sign a message in the name of the group.
Now given a signature,
it is possible to prove that a message was signed by a member of the group.
If it is not, It's always going to sense that,
get of course nobody can prove what specific members signed it.
So that the information can also be kept private at the same time.
Moreover, if the same person signs two different messages same time.
So, same person signs the message again and again it is
also possible to prove that those messages came from the same person.
Of course, there are a lot of benefits of this.
It could be that the whistle blowing,
e-voting I'll just explain that in just a
second but let's look through our code right now.
So, the first thing that you'll need is a module called
LRS which stands for linkable ring signatures.
So, NPM install LRS.
Once you have that, we're just going to require that here.
[inaudible] we have three people here.
Alice, Bob and Eve,
and now the LRS has the module has a function called gen which
is for generate and what it does it that actually generates public and private key pairs,
and so we're creating the public and private key for Alice,
Bob and Eve, and storing it in this variables.
Then what we're doing is that we're actually mapping through all these
three different and just getting the public a key and then storing it in the group.
For all three of them, we're just getting
the public keys of them mapping through it and then storing it in the group.
Now, what's going to happen is Alice
is going to sign a message and that's done by calling the sign method.
So, it's you passed a group that is out of the part of and then
the past the person who is signing it with whatever
the message the person wants to sign so that's the syntax.
So, Alice signs a message on behalf of one of the three.
I'm storing that information inside.
Now, anyone is able to verify that one of them sign that message and the way you do
that is you just call the verify method and again you pass the group,
and then you pass the signature and it's going to make sure that the person
whose public key is a part of
the group is one of the ones was actually signed for signature.
Okay, and then I'm just going to make
console.log seeing the sign has been verified as verified.
Now if I would bigger random information here it's going to fall.
It's going to not pass.
Now, again wanted to show you that this is verifying that Alice signed it.
Now, what's going to happen is now we have Bob signing it.
In fact, let me show you one more thing here.
Say, if Alice signs it again.
Okay? If Alice signs it again and we'll see that the sign one and sign two match.
Because it's signing it the second time inverse
doing it valuable signed one and I'm trying to have Alice
sign again and then I'm going to
compare it with the link method if signed one is equal to sign two.
So, signatures are going to be from the same person.
So, the compared value will be true and it
should console.log both signatures are on the same person.
So again, this really helps in cases where you don't want someone
to do something twice and that could be for voting, right?
I mean, you don't want a person to vote double two times.
So, let's run through a code and let me demonstrate that to you now.
Fantastic. So, it says the first my concept of lock
says the sign has been verified as true and
the second one says that both signatures are from
the same person because remember Alice's signing it two times.
Let me also show you now if I change this to someone else signature, lets say Bob.
Let's save the file, in this case,
signed one and signed two are not going to match.
It will let Bob sign it again.
It's going to say both signatures are not from
the same person because these values are not equal.
So, let's go run it again.
Fantastic. So, it says sign has been
verified because it was signed by Alice because time,
and then the second time it says both signatures are not from the same person.
So again, a very simple way linkable signatures,
ring signatures are very helpful especially in hashing in cryptographic functions,
and like you said has a bunch of
several applications that is whistle blowing very important,
where someone was to leak a secret in the name of the group without being known.
Audit e-voting but he don't want someone to vote
twice but you still want the voting to becoming in.
So, that's how we implement linkable ring signatures.